docs: update info about supported features + edge runtime (#245)
cloudflare/next-on-pages: README.md

## Quick Start

This section describes how to bundle and deploy a (new or existing) Next.js application to Pages, using `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`.

### 1. Create a Next.js app

To start using `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`, you must have a Next.js project that you wish to deploy. If you don't already have one, you can use the `create-next-app` command. Then, change your current directory to the newly created one.

```sh
npx create-next-app@latest my-next-app
cd my-next-app
```

<details>
<summary>Note on the Next.js version</summary>

We have confirmed support for the current version of Next.js at the time of writing, `13.4.2`. Although we'll endeavor to keep support for newer versions, we cannot guarantee that we'll always be up-to-date with the latest version. If you experience any problems with `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`, you may wish to try pinning to `13.4.2` while we work on supporting any recent breaking changes.

</details>

&NewLine;

### 2. Configure the application to use the Edge Runtime

> For your application to run on Cloudflare Pages, it needs to opt in to use the Edge Runtime for routes containing server-side code (e.g. API Routes or pages that use `getServerSideProps`). To do this, export a value from each file specifying that it should use the Edge Runtime.

Author: ```suggestion
For your application to run on Cloudflare Pages, it needs to opt in to use the Edge Runtime for routes containing server-side code (e.g. API Routes or pages that use `getServerSideProps`). To do this, export a `runtime` [route segment config](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config#runtime) option from each file, specifying that it should use the Edge Runtime.
```
